Applicant Tracking System
This project is a simple Applicant Tracking System (ATS) built using Flask for the backend and Streamlit for the frontend. It allows users to view job listings, submit job applications, and check the status of their applications.

Features
Job Listings: Retrieve and display available job positions.
Job Application: Submit applications with a resume and cover letter.
Check Application Status: Simulate checking the status of an application.
Technologies Used
Backend: Flask
Frontend: Streamlit
Data Format: JSON
File Handling: Support for PDF and Word documents for resumes and cover letters.
CORS: Enabled for cross-origin requests.
Installation
Clone the repository:
git clone <repository-url>
cd <project-directory>
Set up a virtual environment (optional but recommended):
(bash) python -m venv venv venv/bin/activate # On Windows use venv\Scripts\activate

Install the required packages:
(bash) pip install Flask flask-cors streamlit requests

Running the Application
Backend
Navigate to the backend directory. Run the Flask application: (bash) python app.py The backend will start on http://127.0.0.1:5000.

Frontend
Open another terminal window. Navigate to the frontend directory . Run the Streamlit application: (bash) streamlit run app.py The frontend will open in your web browser.

API Endpoints
Get Job Listings Endpoint: /jobs Method: GET Response: A JSON array of job listings.

Apply for a Job Endpoint: /apply Method: POST Form Data: name: Applicant's full name email: Applicant's email address phone: Applicant's phone number job_title: Title of the job applied for resume: File upload for the resume cover_letter: File upload for the cover letter Response: Confirmation message upon successful submission.

Usage
Select a feature using the sidebar in the Streamlit app. For Job Listings, view available job positions. For Job Application, fill in the required fields and upload documents. For Check Application Status, enter your email to simulate checking the application status.

License
This project is open-source and available under the MIT License.

Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue.

Contact
For questions or feedback, please reach out at [laminmasana@gmail.com].

Click to add a cell.